openthread: update certification documentation (#330)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrfxlib: openthread/README.rst

The cryptography variant is selected automatically based on the microcontroller capabilities.

Thread certified library variants
*********************************

> The following table describes the available Thread Certified libraries for all |NCS| releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table describes the available Thread certified libraries for all |NCS| releases.
```

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1

>    * - NCS tag
>      - SoC
>      - Crypto backend
>      - Thread version
>      - OpenThread commit
>      - GNU Arm Embedded Toolchain version
>      - Nordic features set
>    * - v1.4.0
>      - nRF52840
>      - CC310
>      - 1.1
>      - ``07f430dac6c400abdd358ba1173c0f94b94a5a80``
>      - ``9-2019-q4-major``
>      - :option:`CONFIG_OPENTHREAD_NORDIC_LIBRARY_MASTER`
>    * - v1.4.0
>      - nRF52833
>      - nrf_oberon
>      - 1.1
>      - ``07f430dac6c400abdd358ba1173c0f94b94a5a80``
>      - ``9-2019-q4-major``
>      - :option:`CONFIG_OPENTHREAD_NORDIC_LIBRARY_MASTER`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * - SoC
     - |NCS| tag
     - Crypto backend
     - Thread version
     - OpenThread commit
     - GNU Arm Embedded Toolchain
     - Feature set
   * - nRF52840
     - v1.4.0
     - CC310
     - v1.1
     - ``07f430dac6c400abdd358ba1173c0f94b94a5a80``
     - ``9-2019-q4-major``
     - :option:`CONFIG_OPENTHREAD_NORDIC_LIBRARY_MASTER`
   * - nRF52833
     - v1.4.0
     - nrf_oberon
     - v1.1
     - ``07f430dac6c400abdd358ba1173c0f94b94a5a80``
     - ``9-2019-q4-major``
     - :option:`CONFIG_OPENTHREAD_NORDIC_LIBRARY_MASTER`
```
The first two columns should be inverted, because users are interested in qualifications for their chip (and will switch to a different NCS version if necessary).
I'm wondering if Crypto backend and Thread version also should be inverted - I tried to locate the file mentioned below, and when navigating through the libs, you select v1.1 before you select oberon/cc310. But I'm not sure which one is more relevant to the user - probably the Thread version, and then they use the backend that is available?

Author: Agree about SoC as first column. I'll also move the Thread version column before the crypto backend, which is merely informative here.

> For a comprehensive list of the used Kconfig options check the file :file:`openthread_lib_configuration.txt` within each library folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a comprehensive list of the used Kconfig options, check the :file:`openthread_lib_configuration.txt` file within each library folder.
```

Reviewer: Trying to locate the file, I got lost when I had to decide between ftd, master, and mtd. In the old table, it was clear that there are three options. Here, the only mention of master is in the name of the feature set - is that clear enough?

Author: The omission of the other variants it's deliberated because if not certified there are of little use anymore. In any case, the linked `thread-ug-feature-sets` should be explanatory.

Reviewer: OK, let's leave as is for now. I'm not sure if it's clear enough here (it is explained in more detail in the link), but we can fix later.

> .. note:: Some of the available libraries for each NCS release may have not been certified.

Reviewer 2: This sentence rises a question how many more are there.
I'd rephrase a bit.
```suggestion
.. note:: Only variants shown in the table have been certified.
```

Author: Changed, thanks.
